Technical notes:
The game relies on the load order of the javascript files from the current index.html
When index.html is loaded in a broswer, the game will load.

Developement was done on windows 8.1 in chrome.
IE11 tests well also.
Firefox works but the animation of the jumps seems to stretch player.
Mixed results with safari varying between no load and graphics issues on jump.

Initially it will be paused with instructions showing.  A click on the screen
will start the gameplay.

When a player dies, it will pause and play a zombie eating noise.  No reset is
code complete yet, so further level plays require reloading the page.

Unpausing after death allows a player to continue on the current level.
This is intentional during developement in case player wants to continue
witht hat difficulty level for testing, or just to cheat.


gameplay instruction:

movement: ASWD, arrow keys, numpad 4,5/2,6,8
jump: space, numpad 0
attack: F, control, enter, numpad +
attack: F, control, numpad +
pause: P, pause/break, pause button at top right


movement keys can be held or tapped.  Either works fine.

You can damage enemies by jumping on their head.  You can also attack them,
but your attack has a delay.

Zombie kills will be counted at the top left, along with your current level

Some zombies just wander around, but most will charge you.

As your level goes up, so does the game difficulty.  Zombies will be faster,
more numerous, and you will be invincible less time after being hurt.

Your health shows at the bottom left of the game area

An exclamation point above you means you took damage and are temporarily
invulnerable.

There is a pause button at the top right, which will also reshow these
instructions.

The game will also pause any time the game window loses focus.

The level is procedurally generated, so reload if you don't like yours.

You can walk through the left/right side of the screen but not the top/bottom.

No actual reset is built into the game yet, so reload the page when you 'die'
for now.  (or cheat by unpausing)